# python-api-challenge

WeatherPy.ipynb :

Randomly generates Latitude and Longitude values and uses citipy python module to get City details for the Lat and Long.
Then uses open weather API to get weather data(Max Temp,Humidity,Cloudiness,Wind Speed) for these cities.
This data is then written to CSV file "CityWeather.csv"
This weather data is plotted against the Latitude 
The cities are divided into Northern Hemisphere(NH) and Southern Hemisphere(SH).Weather data is plotted against Latitude with some
observations made from the plots. The plots are also saved into the same folder as .ipynb file.

This requires open weather API key. This link https://openweathermap.org/api has the details to obtain API Key
Store the keys into "api_keys.py" file in the same folder as WeatherPy.ipynb. Store the key in the variable "weather_api_key"

VacationPy.ipynb:

This picks cities and weather information from the file "CityWeather.csv" generated by "WeatherPy.ipynb".
Creates a Humidity Heat map for these cities.
Then finds hotels in the cities that meet the below criteria i.e Ideal for a vacation.

	a) Max Temperatures between 70F to 80F
	b) Wind Speed less than 10 mph
	c) Cloudiness is 0% (i.e. no clouds).
To find hotels it uses Google places API and returns the first hotel within 5000 meter radius of the lat & long in the search.
Then marks these hotels in the humidity heat map.
	
This requires Google APIs for Maps and search. So Get a API key using https://cloud.google.com/apis/
Store the keys into "api_keys.py" file in the same folder as VacationPy.ipynb. Store the key in the variable "g_key"
	
